---
layout: article
title: Song Use
date: 2024-01-09 00:43 -0600
category: pages
author: shiosama
description: Camellia's Music Usage Guidelines. Where you can find information about how and when to use his music!
---

## Usage of Camellia's Music

If you wish to use any of Camellia's music for your own purposes, all of the specific terms and conditions can be found [here on his official website](https://cametek.jp/songuse_en.html)! Please read the entirety of the terms and _only use the basic explanation as a quick refresher_. Please read through the actual site, as it gives a full outlook on the do's and don'ts with Camellia's music.

> Songs for Personal Use can be found [here](https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLaN19gIKi5ZrjNT-KAuFeB82fmykcF8bK).
>
> A more simplified rundown of song usages guidelines on Discord: [#🚨server-announcements](https://discord.com/channels/435720333786480641/1088625892105924648/1156069221999071242).
> {: .tip }

## Basic Explanation of the Terms of Use

### Personal Use

- You may use his music if the song comes from any of his albums with CD index codes starting with CTCD. Usage of songs not in these albums, which are licensed to companies, such as KONAMI and Exit Tunes, or are unofficial remixes cannot be used.
- You may use original music created by him and posted on his [YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/Kamelcamellia) not originally written for games.
- Crediting Camellia is strongly encouraged.
- Charting/mapping songs for rhythm and music games fall Condition (2) on the website provided above. Monetization is only permitted in monetized streams and/or recorded videos on sites that have ads (i.e. YouTube, Twitch.) _Charts themselves must be distributed free of charge_.

### Commercial Use

- Please contact Camellia via Email for any uses regarding commercial usage.

### Productions

- Remixes and covers are typically permitted, however please limit your productions to being free to view on platforms such as YouTube, NicoNicoDouga, Soundcloud etc. Distribution through downloads (i.e. Bandcamp) shall be free to download. _Please contact Camellia via Email regarding selling your productions for monetary profit_.
