---
layout: article
title: Camellia Q&A
date: 2023-11-25 02:26 -0600
category: posts
author: shiosama
description: View this for frequent questions directed towards Camellia.
permalink: camellia/:title
---

## A Composer Q&A from Camellia

> Note: Some answers have been modified to read more coherently.
{: .disclaimer }

Around August 2023, Camellia had done a Q&A on his Twitter page as [a thread](https://twitter.com/cametek/status/1695536044333232617?s=46&t=IM8PMYKv9QQ_6I7KlB1yOw) which includes many of the questions the community has asked about him. The following list contains all his answers!

### What made you start composing?

*One of my old old friends asked me to write a song as his theme song, and I was like "ok" [without] any knowledge.*

### How long have you been writing [music]?

*20 years? Including the earliest stage, which [was] just completely random shoot.*

### What DAW (digital audio workstation, or music studio)/Notation software do you use?

*For DAW I've been using only Reaper, for sheet music MuseScore (they are incredible).*

### What are your composing strengths/weaknesses?

*Chaotic-ness?? It can get so intense with a ton of stuff in a good way - or sometimes bad way.*

### What genre do you favor writing the most?

*Metal!! 🤘*
*Actually every genre.*

### What genre do you favour writing the least?

*None, since there's always space to play around.*

### At what point do you consider a song "finished?"

*At some point, when I start listening it back like 5 times and feeling there's nothing it's necessarily done.*

### Do you have a "signature" voice?

*Actually, I don't think I have one.*

### Are there any pieces of music you wanna write at the moment?

*A TON, wish there's more time to spare or spend on the personal projects.*

### Do you have any music that you consistently reference?

*None, it varies too much usually.*

### What are your favourite/go-to musical instruments/devices?

*If it includes instruments, double bass recently.*

### Do you have a favourite compositional technique?

*"Tutti-mute"; it's my made-up word tho, but when everyone goes crazy and then suddenly mute everything except fills / a few parts.*
